check it out this guy's been in the
smack off this guy has hosted this show
this guy's hosted his own shows actor
producer comedian talk show host slam
man Jay Mohr Jay Jay what's up Jim I am
so fired up hey clones your calls should
not be longer than Tony LaRussa saying
the alphabet okay let's get a little
clock going on this like an old MC
battle I enjoyed watching the NFL Draft
last night Jim or as I like to call it
the perp walk it's nice to see these
guys holding their jerseys up practicing
for five years down the road when
they're going to be holding up their
prison photos the Broncos are you guys
kidding me you dreamt him Tebow
okie-dokie the reason for this pic is
about as clear as Roger Mayweather's
brain mile high for Tim Tebow I guess
was perfect because he can play closer
to God and Tim Tebow's message will come
through loud and clear and Decker
when halfway through the season the
entire freakin city is praying for a
trade to could draft strategy by the
Broncos make sure you have the first
pick in next year's draft hey Ben
Roethlisberger has two Super Bowl rings
and he allegedly has to force himself on
women
whatever happened to walking into a bar
in Pittsburgh and saying hi I'm Ben
Roethlisberger yeah if Ben
Roethlisberger is having a hard time
that doesn't bode well for Brad and
Corona who sprays shoes at the bowling
alley that doesn't get him a lot of hope
and Bren Roethlisberger nice haircut you
sit in the barber chair and say hi could
you give me the sexual predator please
Tiger Woods was spotted at a Nickelback
concert in Orlando this week Jim yeah
fans will forgive you for cheating on
your wife with every five and six in
America but seeing your heroes at a
Nickelback concert is something we will
never ever get over and I'm sure even
was thrilled about it because nothing
will cause impotence faster than a
Nickelback concert just as Dan and DC
he's been to about 50 of them what's
going on with our athletes Jim Joe
DiMaggio had Marilyn Monroe Joe Namath
Angie Dickinson Tiger Woods Perkins
waitress we're not evolving anymore
exactly
let's get on the ball here hey Eagles
fan way to go have fun being foreign 12
for the next decade you finally
succeeding and running the most popular
guy at a town since Ben Franklin
you better hope Roy Halladay can throw a
spiral and congratulations to the
Seattle Mariners for their huge
offseason acquisition Milton Bradley
yeah that's a great idea
let Milton Bradley loose around a whole
lot of coffee Dodger fans no one is more
committed to sending James Loney to the
White Sox or angels more than the
Dodgers bullpen what the hell happened
to all the pictures these days Jim if
the Mets and Dodgers bullpen were any
more shallow they'd be married to Hank
Baskett it seems to be the new way to
extend a sports career marry someone
on-air at E I can't wait next year when
Matt Leinart marries Joel McHale and
next year at the NFL Combine instead of
the long jump players are going to
participate in the Kardashian
speaking of zeroes hey Vinnie Mac mimic
McKnight nice nice takes do you have a
stutter or is that a beatbox because if
it's a beatbox you're fantastic if it's
a stutter why did you ever call back
stop calling the whole point of the show
is to talk and you can't go back to your
job as Bowser and a shine on that cover
band and Vic in know Cal Oh Vic you are
too sports radio what herman melville is
too sports radio clones Herman Melville
is an author who wrote as much as
trapper rambles he wrote about a well
and speaking of whales Vic you got fat
what did you have three callbacks for
precious Nick you got enormous you could
put your hands in your pockets when
you're naked update the Facebook photos
but don't show people that got thick
it's embarrassing Vic is short for
Victor it's Latin for Conqueror and the
only thing you're conquering is your 18p
friends and family plan because all you
do is call a radio show and talk about
me a show that I don't host a show that
when I do host you call a show that when
I don't host you call you're a stalker
you're a weirdo your name is Victor like
Victor Khayyam of the Remington Shaver
without the Nicks and cuts of a blade
nice names Vic
Gino Vinnie Mac Danna DC is just a
jungle or the cast of the Jersey Shore
speaking of Snooki how is Jason Stewart
I think when I'm supposed to say is I'm
out my call was brought to you buddy
thank you can improv Jame or JJ one of
your best efforts ever that was a great
call that may have been James best smack
off effort ever love that call great
sports takes great clone takes good
timing good length
excellent excellent call